Add Exoscale architecture reference documentation (#297)
appuio/openshift4-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/partials/architecture/storage.adoc

These block devices are automatically attached to the VM hosting the application container.
They're deleted when the corresponding Kubernetes `PersistentVolume` resource is deleted.

ifeval::["{infra-type}" != "Exoscale"]
The {infra-type} CSI driver is the in-cluster component which is responsible for allocating, attaching and deleting the persistent volume block devices.
endif::[]

ifeval::["{infra-type}" == "Exoscale"]

> NOTE: On the {infra-type} environment there is no Kubernetes integration available for such block devices.
> https://products.vshn.ch/appuio/managed/storage_cluster.html[APPUiO Managed Storage Cluster] is available as and addon to the cluster offering if such functionality is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: {infra-type} does not provide storage usable by Kubernetes as persistent volumes.
To fill this gap, {product} in {intra-type} uses https://products.vshn.ch/appuio/managed/storage_cluster.html[APPUiO Managed Storage Cluster] to provide storage to be used as read write once and read write many persistent volumes.
```
